Add mesh cylinder paving stone (#2067)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: release_notes/current/2026_07_22_Pensec.md

## [Master] - 2027/07/

### Added

> - MINOR This PR adds a new mesh which consists in a paving stone embedded in a large cylinder  [#2067](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR This PR adds a new mesh which consists in a wave guide embedded in a cylinder  [#2067](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)
```
